update position and velocity controller to conventions + additional information (#1975)
PX4/PX4-user_guide: en/flight_stack/controller_diagrams.md

* When tuning this controller, the only parameter of concern is the P gain.
* The rate command is saturated.

> ### Multicopter Acceleration to Thrust and Attitude setpoint conversion
> * The acceleration setpoints generated by the velocity controller will be converted to thrust and attitude setpoints
> * Implementation details can be found in `ControlMath.cpp`
> * Converted acceleration setpoints will be saturated and priotized in vertical and horizontal thrust. 
> * Thrust saturation is done after computing the corresponding thrust:
>  1. compute required vertical thrust (`thrust_z`)
>  2. saturate `thrust_z` with `MPC_THR_MAX`
>  3. saturate `thrust_xy` with `(MPC_THR_MAX^2 - thrust_z^2)^0.5`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Multicopter Acceleration to Thrust and Attitude Setpoint Conversion

* The acceleration setpoints generated by the velocity controller will be converted to thrust and attitude setpoints.
* Converted acceleration setpoints will be saturated and prioritized in vertical and horizontal thrust. 
* Thrust saturation is done after computing the corresponding thrust:
   1. Compute required vertical thrust (`thrust_z`)
   1. Saturate `thrust_z` with `MPC_THR_MAX`
   1. Saturate `thrust_xy` with `(MPC_THR_MAX^2 - thrust_z^2)^0.5`
```

Implementation details can be found in `ControlMath.cpp`.

### Multicopter Velocity Controller

> ![MC Velocity Control Diagram](../../assets/diagrams/mc_velocity_diagram.png)

Reviewer: FWIW Personally I prefer consistency in diagram file type, and generally PNG results in cleaner images for similar file sizes. So I like this. Note though, there is no rule on this.

* When tuning this controller, the only parameter of concern is the P gain.
* The rate command is saturated.

### Multicopter Acceleration to Thrust and Attitude Setpoint Conversion

* The acceleration setpoints generated by the velocity controller will be converted to thrust and attitude setpoints.
* Converted acceleration setpoints will be saturated and prioritized in vertical and horizontal thrust. 
* Thrust saturation is done after computing the corresponding thrust:
   1. Compute required vertical thrust (`thrust_z`)
   1. Saturate `thrust_z` with `MPC_THR_MAX`
   1. Saturate `thrust_xy` with `(MPC_THR_MAX^2 - thrust_z^2)^0.5`
   

> Implementation details can be found in `ControlMath.cpp`.   

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Implementation details can be found in `PositionControl.cpp` and `ControlMath.cpp`.   
```

### Multicopter Velocity Controller

![MC Velocity Control Diagram](../../assets/diagrams/mc_velocity_diagram.png)

* PID controller to stabilise velocity. Commands an acceleration.
* The integrator includes an anti-reset windup (ARW) using a clamping method.
* The commanded acceleration is NOT saturated - a saturation will be applied to the converted thrust setpoints in combination with the maximum tilt angle. 
* Horizontal gains set via parameter `MPC_XY_VEL_P_ACC`, `MPC_XY_VEL_I_ACC` and `MPC_XY_VEL_D_ACC`.
* Vertical gains set via parameter `MPC_Z_VEL_P_ACC`, `MPC_Z_VEL_I_ACC` and `MPC_Z_VEL_D_ACC`.

### Multicopter Position Controller

![MC Position Control Diagram](../../assets/diagrams/mc_position_diagram.png)

* Simple P controller that commands a velocity. 

> * The commanded velocity is saturated to keep the velocity in certain limits. See parameter `MPC_XY_VEL_MAX`. This parameter sets the maximum possible horizontal velocity. This differs from `MPC_XY_CRUISE` in autonomous flight modes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The commanded velocity is saturated to keep the velocity in certain limits. See parameter `MPC_XY_VEL_MAX`. This parameter sets the maximum possible horizontal velocity. This differs from the maximum **desired** speed `MPC_XY_CRUISE` (autonomous modes) and `MPC_VEL_MANUAL` (manual position control mode).
```
